---
layout: post
title: "Is the title of a blog post really that important?"
date: 2017-08-17
excerpt: "Just some writing."
tags: [Random Thoughts]
comments: false
---
#### On Writing, Reading, Music, etc.
It's been a really long time since I actually decided to sit down and write something. It's been an outrageously long time. Since I no longer have to take mandatory English classes, I have barely written. (except for some technical reports for school, but that doesn't count.) In this long hiatus, I realize for myself that writing is actually quite nice. There is something mysterious, something oddly beautiful about it.

I recently read "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde", by Robert Louis Stevenson. The language on the first page struck me. No modern writer would have achieved the same effectiveness of presenting the characters. Every single word was placed for a reason; they were picked specifically for the author's purpose. Nowadays, books are not the same. The word choice is simply not there; neither is the cohesiveness of the story. Of course, I'm not saying this for all modern books. It's just that there has been a change in society. I know that this is very cliché, but in this day and age, we simply do not have the attention span, or the brain to appreciate true works of art.

Look at the music we listen to: Drake, Chance the Rapper, etc. Modern "hip" songs are just some random words thrown on top of a "sick beat". Go back a few hundred years and you'll find Mozart and Beethoven, among many other composers. With their works, you can hear the majestic melody of many interwoven parts for different instruments, fitting together seamlessly. Each note, each rest is placed on the score for a specific reason. As with reading and writing, we have regressed in our appreciation for music.

P.S. It was raining really hard today. I walked home without an umbrella and I got soaked. :p
